Hugin is a Panorama stitcher and more.  A powerful software package
for creating and processing panoramic images.

A hugin-2010.2.0_beta1 (beta 1) tarball is available here:
https://sourceforge.net/projects/hugin/files/hugin-2010.2_beta/

This is a beta release for testing, i.e. The final release is likely to have
further bugfixes, manual and translation updates.

More information about this release can be found in the full ChangeLog below
and the unfinished release notes:
http://hugin.sourceforge.net/releases/2010.2.0/

Summary of major changes since 2010.0.0:

* New Layout tab in the Hugin Fast Preview window, shows an undirected graph view
of the control point connections within the current project.

* New Mask tab in the Hugin main window, allows you to add and edit 'exclude'
and 'include' masks for each photo, this replaces previous techniques
involving editing alpha channels.

* Mosaic mode.  Hugin now supports optimisation of X, Y & Z positions of
cameras, this allows you to assemble a panorama of a planar object such as a
mural with photos taken from different positions.

* Linked bracketing.  Previously photos within a bracketed set needed to
connected by control points, it is now possible to tell Hugin that photos
share a position in a way analagous to the existing system for sharing lens
parameters.

* Control point generator modes.  Previously only a single control point
generator could be used at any one time.  Hugin now has support for
combinations of panoramas and bracketed stacks, stacks that are already linked
with the linked bracketing feature, multi-row heuristics including support for
bracketed stacks, and panoramas that are already laid out in the preview.

* New Equisolid, orthographic and stereographic lenses are supported, requires
libpano13-2.9.17_beta2 or later.

* General Pannini projection is now fully suppoprted.

* Migration to Mercurial.  Hugin has switched from Subversion to Mercurial for
source control.  This 2010.2.0 release is being stabilised in the '2010.2'
branch in mercurial.

* New CLI tools.  pano_trafo for querying control point transformations,
pto_merge to merge project files, and pano_modify to change output
parameters of project files.  autooptimiser now has a photometric optimisation
mode.

* libpano13-2.7.17 is required, note that this is still in beta itself.

* Lots of bugfixes, translation updates and build system changes.

See README, ChangeLog and INSTALL_cmake for more information.

SHA1SUM:
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx  hugin-2010.2.0_beta1.tar.gz

This release is equivalent to hg branch 2010.2 -r xxxx.xxxxxxxxxxx

A detailed ChangeLog of every commit since 2010.0.0 follows:

2010-06-28  Bruno Postle  <bruno@postle.net>

	* CMakeLists.txt:
	Set minor version to 2 for stable branch
	[58c0c6a4f777]

2010-06-28  harryvanderwolf  <hvdwolf@gmail.com>

	* mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj:
	[OSX] Change version stamp to only hexadecimal part
	[9fa03ec044ad]

2010-06-28  Bruno Postle  <bruno@postle.net>

	* src/translations/zh_TW.po:
	Updated Traditional Chinese translation (Rick Langford)
	[d017edd0161f]

	* src/translations/hu.po:
	Updated Hungarian translation #3021348 (HÃ¶ss Lajos)
	[8ce1c813f7a1]

2010-06-28  Terry Duell  <tduell@users.sourceforge.net>

	* ChangeLog, authors.txt:
	Update authors.txt
	[38ed0587798b]

2010-06-27  Terry Duell  <tduell@users.sourceforge.net>

	* CMakeLists.txt:
	change CMakeLists.txt to produce Hg log file when UPDATE_CHANGELOG=1
	switch is used
	[a7c760281f3c] [tip]

2010-06-25  harryvanderwolf  <hvdwolf@gmail.com>

	* mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj, mac/complete-bundle.sh,
	mac/copyExtraTools.sh, mac/copyTools.sh:
	[OSX] Considerable change of design of the XCode project to
	facilitate building of 32bit vs. 32/64 bit vs. 64bit and other
	architecures from one project out of multiple folders. This wasn't
	possible with the original project as it completely ruined the
	internal library paths. Copies of binaries and libraries are now
	done via scripts.
	[9f9f7edf27f3]

2010-06-24  harryvanderwolf  <hvdwolf@gmail.com>

	* mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/boost.sh,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/enblend.sh,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/gettext.sh,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/gnumake.sh,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/ilmbase.sh,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/lcms.sh,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/libexiv2.sh,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/libexpat.sh,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/libglew.sh,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/libiconv.sh,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/libjpeg.sh,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/libpng.sh,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/libtiff.sh,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/libxmi.sh,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/openexr16.sh,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/pano13.sh,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/wxmac28.sh,
	mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj, mac/complete-bundle.sh,
	mac/copyTools.sh:
	[OSX]correct panotools script; build basic error checking in all
	build scripts
	[347aa1e2b72e]

2010-06-20  tmodes  <tmodes>

	* CMakeLists.txt:
	Set correctly man path for NetBSD
	[bc6fc8081244]

	* CMakeModules/FindExiv2.cmake, CMakeModules/FindJPEG.cmake,
	CMakeModules/FindPNG.cmake, CMakeModules/FindTIFF.cmake,
	CMakeModules/win_bundle.cmake:
	Updated some FindLib to current versions (Exiv2, Jpeg, LibPNG,
	LibTiff)
	[8754cf65a790]

	* CMakeLists.txt:
	Added missing Boost::date_time to CMake
	[364b9cc77e77]

	* src/hugin_base/algorithms/control_points/APSIFTFeatureExtractor.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/algorithms/control_points/APSIFTFeatureExtractor.h,
	src/hugin_base/algorithms/control_points/FeatureExtractor.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/algorithms/control_points/FeatureExtractor.h,
	src/hugin_base/algorithms/control_points/FeatureExtractorZoran.h,
	src/hugin_base/algorithms/control_points/FeatureMatcher.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/algorithms/control_points/FeatureMatcher.h:
	Removed unused files
	[a2c5e21aeb66]

	* src/hugin1/hugin/config_defaults.h:
	Fixes an issue when a config would be empty because of missing
	symbol "unix"
	[60c1f12ed9a6]

2010-06-18  tmodes  <tmodes>

	* src/hugin_base/algorithms/nona/ComputeImageROI.cpp:
	Fixes wrong mask when image has circular crop
	[ec3e84ebd1f1]

2010-06-17  Juha Helminen  <jhelmine@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/translations/fi.po:
	Finnish translation addition
	[9175c6d673a1]

2010-06-16  tmodes  <tmodes>

	* src/hugin_base/algorithms/basic/CalculateOptimalScale.cpp:
	Make calculate optimal scale aware of translation parameters
	[d1ea284f28bc]

	* src/hugin_base/algorithms/basic/StraightenPanorama.h:
	Don't straighten panorama, if translation parameters are non-zero
	[0ef86753d88c]

2010-06-13  tmodes  <tmodes>

	* src/hugin_base/algorithms/nona/CenterHorizontally.cpp:
	Don't try to center panorama by yaw shift if translation parameters
	are non-zero
	[9a29b3a656c7]

2010-06-12  tmodes  <tmodes>

	* src/tools/nona.cpp:
	Added more range checks to nona.
	[8541d997e02b]

	* src/tools/nona.cpp:
	Don't use GPU calculation if translation parameters are non-zero.
	[d55a954b9ac4]

2010-06-11  James Legg  <jlegg@users.sourceforge.net>

	* merge
	[a6704b2bb525]

	* src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewLayoutLinesTool.cpp:
	Hide layout lines that connect to an inactive image.
	[b7aa801a08bf]

2010-06-08  tmodes  <tmodes>

	* src/hugin_base/panodata/Mask.cpp, src/hugin_base/panodata/Mask.h,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/Panorama.cpp:
	Improved propagation of positive masks
	* Should fix bug "Include mask bug removes an entire photo - ID:
	3011921"
	* Improves positive masks for fisheye images
	[21876db4662e]

2010-06-06  tmodes  <tmodes>

	* src/hugin_base/panodata/Panorama.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/SrcPanoImage.cpp:
	Reset cropfactor to 1 and not to zero (when adding images and when
	loading pto files)
	[b691961680b1]

2010-06-03  harryvanderwolf  <hvdwolf@gmail.com>

	* src/translations/nl.po:
	Updated dutch translation
	[a3988d6c4e7b]

2010-06-03  tmodes  <tmodes>

	* src/translations/bg.po, src/translations/ca_ES.po,
	src/translations/cs_CZ.po, src/translations/de.po,
	src/translations/en_GB.po, src/translations/es.po,
	src/translations/fi.po, src/translations/fr.po,
	src/translations/hu.po, src/translations/hugin.pot,
	src/translations/it.po, src/translations/ja.po,
	src/translations/ko.po, src/translations/nl.po,
	src/translations/pl.po, src/translations/pt_BR.po,
	src/translations/ru.po, src/translations/sk.po,
	src/translations/sl.po, src/translations/sv.po,
	src/translations/uk.po, src/translations/zh_CN.po,
	src/translations/zh_TW.po:
	Updated translations
	[b3c032c81b85]

2010-06-01  harryvanderwolf  <hvdwolf@gmail.com>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/CPDetectorConfig_default.h:
	[OSX]Add -v option to align_image_stack settings in OSX for more
	verbosity
	[de0df4d47d83]

2010-05-25  harryvanderwolf  <hvdwolf@gmail.com>

	* mac/ExternalPrograms/readme.txt:
	[OSX] updated readme.txt was not pushed. Try again
	[2e268809e1b6]

	* mac/ExternalPrograms/readme.txt, mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts
	/SetEnv-leopard-OpenMP.txt, mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/SetEnv-
	leopard-OpenMP.txt.org, mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/SetEnv-
	leopard.txt, mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/SetEnv-leopard.txt.org,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/SetEnv-universal.txt,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/SetEnv-universal.txt.org:
	[OSX] change default "work/build" .txt files to .txt.org
	[b061a68032b6]

2010-05-24  tmodes  <tmodes>

	* .hgignore:
	Also ignore rev.txt
	[6cea0e256cd1]

2010-05-24  Yuval Levy  <yuv@users.sourceforge.net>

	* .hgignore:
	ignore editor's backup files
	[307ae8b3f044]

2010-05-24  harryvanderwolf  <hvdwolf@gmail.com>

	* mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/SetEnv-leopard-OpenMP.txt,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/SetEnv-leopard.txt,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/SetEnv-universal.txt:
	[OSX] stupid hg also pushes working files to repo; Undo this
	[06364cee09ac]

	* mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/SetEnv-leopard-OpenMP.txt,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/SetEnv-leopard.txt,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/SetEnv-universal.txt,
	mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj, mac/patch-xrc.sh:
	[OSX] Finally embed authors into tabbed about box
	[1343a7a0af23]

2010-05-23  tmodes  <tmodes>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/LensPanel.cpp:
	Correctly update lens information on Lens Panel
	[75c25e30f173]

2010-05-20  Ken Turkowski  <realitypixels@gmail.com>

	* src/hugin1/nona_gui/nona_gui.cpp,
	src/hugin1/ptbatcher/PTBatcherGUI.h:
	Remove extra qualifications in class definition of method void
	MacOpenFile(const wxString &fileName)
	[c43fd725ca69]

2010-05-19  Vaclav Cerny  <vatoz@seznam.cz>

	* src/translations/cs_CZ.po:
	Updated Czech translation (2 new strings)
	[6525a1588ccc]

2010-05-19  tmodes  <tmodes>

	* Merged
	[50018bf88a75]

	* src/tools/nona.cpp:
	Falling back to nona if nona-gpu does not support this projection
	[bbe9e5010394]

2010-05-19  Bruno Postle  <bruno@postle.net>

	* CMakeLists.txt:
	Some double quoting to escape .hg folder (Terry Duell)
	[cb0da45aa3c9]

2010-05-18  tmodes  <tmodes>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/AboutDialog.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/about.xrc:
	Make version string in about screen copyable
	[a25f0ed5a87b]

	* CMakeLists.txt:
	Fixes detection of revision number for non-english *nix systems
	(Kornel Benko)
	[299959bb7ce6]

2010-05-18  harryvanderwolf  <hvdwolf@gmail.com>

	* mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj, mac/panomatic-lib.sh:
	[OSX] download or update to latest panomatic-lib inside hugin tree
	before building it as part of the project
	[a0de66c7eb13]

2010-05-17  harryvanderwolf  <hvdwolf@gmail.com>

	* mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/pano13.sh,
	mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj:
	[OSX] minor correction in XCode project; correct stupid error in
	script
	[3e634cddfb6c]

2010-05-17  tmodes  <tmodes>

	* CMakeLists.txt:
	Fixes warning in cmake concerning exclusion of .hg folder
	[6b1098e2168c]

2010-05-17  harryvanderwolf  <hvdwolf@gmail.com>

	* mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj, mac/Version.xcconfig:
	[OSX] make versioning work in XCode according to Mercurial
	[1a22b25204ef]

	* merge trunk with my version
	[8ae3d0be3879]

	* src/hugin_version.h.in.cmake:
	"translate" SVN to hg in hugin_config.h.in.cmake
	[47a5f66d272d]

2010-05-17  tmodes  <tmodes>

	* src/hugin_base/algorithms/basic/CalculateOverlap.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/algorithms/basic/CalculateOverlap.h:
	Clean up code for calculation of overlap
	[bb5bb35c3bd3]

	* CMakeLists.txt:
	Show revision number when running CMake
	[457426e4db5a]

2010-05-17  Yuval Levy  <yuv@users.sourceforge.net>

	* CMakeLists.txt:
	don't pack .hg folder (Terry Duell / Bruno Postle)
	[a7de9ed5d509]

2010-05-16  YUval Levy  <yuv@users.sourceforge.net>

	* CMakeLists.txt, src/hugin1/base_wx/huginConfig.cpp,
	src/hugin1/base_wx/huginConfig.h, src/hugin1/hugin/huginApp.cpp,
	src/hugin1/ptbatcher/Batch.cpp,
	src/hugin1/ptbatcher/PTBatcherGUI.cpp,
	src/hugin1/stitch_project/hugin_stitch_project.cpp:
	modified CMake build for Mercurial (Thomas Modes / Kornel Benko)
	[645a8acc3d37]

2010-05-17  convert-repo  <convert-repo>

	* .hgtags:
	update tags
	[647a6a3b85d7]

	* .hgtags:
	update tags
	[50fd61a41045]

	* .hgtags:
	update tags
	[00f4ea93ffc1]

2010-05-16  convert-repo  <convert-repo>

	* .hgtags:
	update tags
	[2dd89aaf56ea]

2010-05-15  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* CMakeModules/FindGLUT.cmake:
	Improved finding of freeglut for 64 bit version (Tom Glastonbury)
	[dc443755f8fc]

2010-05-14  harryvanderwolf  <harryvanderwolf@users.sourceforge.net>

	* mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj, mac/copyPTBatcherGuiBins.sh:
	[OSX] facilitate automatic 32bit or 32/64bit build of
	PTBatcherGui.app bundle
	[0a421f1e435b]

	* mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj:
	[OSX] adapt XCode project for change 5145
	[f308e02aec40]

2010-05-13  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/AssistantPanel.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/OptimizePhotometricPanel.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewPanel.cpp:
	Calculate panorama exposure value after appling the optimized
	variables
	[d7e97c03ce93]

	* src/hugin1/hugin/AssistantPanel.cpp:
	Remember focal length when changing lens projection (only on
	AssistantPanel).
	[5a8ff8d5198f]

	* CMakeLists.txt, CMakeModules/FindExiv2.cmake,
	CMakeModules/FindGLUT.cmake:
	Improved finding in cmake for Freeglut 2.6.0 and Exiv 0.19 under
	Windows
	[b9c20ae78ad6]

2010-05-11  harryvanderwolf  <harryvanderwolf@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/translations/nl.po:
	minor corrections to dutch translation
	[7127518ade25]

2010-05-10  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/PT/PanoCommand.h, src/hugin1/hugin/AssistantPanel.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/LensPanel.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/LensPanel.h,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/Lens.cpp, src/hugin_base/panodata/Lens.h,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/Panorama.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/Panorama.h,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/SrcPanoImage.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/SrcPanoImage.h,
	src/hugin_base/panotools/PanoToolsInterface.cpp:
	Improved calculation of focal length and crop factor [2996028]
	[37cddc60de2a]

2010-05-09  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin_base/algorithms/basic/CalculateOverlap.h:
	Added documentation to CalculateOverlap
	[fb12cae6e89b]

2010-05-08  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/celeste/CMakeLists.txt, src/celeste/Config.h.linux,
	src/celeste/Config.h.win32, src/celeste/Utilities.cpp,
	src/celeste/Utilities.h:
	Change platform specific config.h for celeste (otherwise CMake and
	VC2010 does not work together)
	[3af3a029b7b9]

	* CMakeLists.txt, CMakeModules/FindExiv2.cmake,
	CMakeModules/win_bundle.cmake:
	Update CMake for new versions of wxWidgets and exiv (Windows only)
	[9e848a4672aa]

	* src/hugin1/hugin/CPDetectorConfig_default.h:
	Fix default options of align_image_stack for full frame fisheye
	(patch by Roger Luethi)
	[53bcc695e17b]

2010-05-06  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/AutoCtrlPointCreator.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/CMakeLists.txt,
	src/hugin_base/algorithms/basic/CalculateOverlap.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/algorithms/basic/CalculateOverlap.h, src/hugin_base/a
	lgorithms/panorama_makefile/PanoramaMakefileExport.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/Panorama.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/SrcPanoImage.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/SrcPanoImage.h:
	Added calculation of overlap between images, used by panorama
	makefile export, masking feature and cp detector (pre-align setting)
	[d664c7c6bc9c]

2010-05-05  brunopostle  <brunopostle@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/translations/zh_CN.po:
	Simplified Chinese update, patches #2996975 (Lu Fang)
	[a5ac7a467bac]

2010-05-04  harryvanderwolf  <harryvanderwolf@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/base_wx/MyExternalCmdExecDialog.cpp:
	Fix for external command window on OSX ppc
	[42ff354222b1]

2010-05-03  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/wxPanoCommand.cpp:
	Don't link image size, this will foul the photometric optimizer
	[2fba42f838b9]

	* src/hugin1/hugin/AssistantPanel.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/MainFrame.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/huginApp.cpp:
	Set default output format to TIFF_m (When loading a project file it
	is automatic set to TIFF_m, but when creating a new project it was
	set to TIFF, so make this behavior consistant)
	[e9decf28c46c]

	* src/hugin1/hugin/AssistantPanel.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/assistant_panel.xrc:
	Added new photo projections to assistant tab [2995639]
	[6c7379a37d0f]

2010-05-02  brunopostle  <brunopostle@users.sourceforge.net>

	* doc/CMakeLists.txt:
	Fix install of man pages
	[ac08aa11a668]

2010-05-02  jlegg  <jlegg@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/GLViewer.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/GLViewer.h:
	Make OpenGL capabilities check more lenient. Also prevent double
	GLEW initialisation when opening the fast preview fails.
	[09da15dd9b55]

2010-05-02  brunopostle  <brunopostle@users.sourceforge.net>

	* doc/Makefile.pod2man, doc/pano_modify.1, doc/pano_modify.pod:
	Man page for pano_modify
	[3ccadde26066]

	* doc/Makefile.pod2man, doc/pto_merge.1, doc/pto_merge.pod:
	man page for pto_merge
	[52f929137a2b]

2010-05-02  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/GLViewer.cpp:
	Don't open fast preview window if initialisation of OpenGL context
	failed or if OpenGL 1.3 is not supported. Shows also better error
	message in this case.
	[fb956dabbf92]

	* src/hugin1/hugin/CPImagesComboBox.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewControlPointTool.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewLayoutLinesTool.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/hugin_utils/utils.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/hugin_utils/utils.h:
	Unified coloring of cp errors
	[f8b07c0d5967]

	* src/hugin_base/algorithms/point_sampler/PointSampler.cpp:
	Further improvement for rev 5130
	[fca3af13134c]

2010-05-01  jlegg  <jlegg@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/GreatCircles.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewIdentifyTool.cpp:
	Fix two openGL errors in fast preview tools.
	[27c297f4d1f9]

2010-04-30  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin_base/algorithms/point_sampler/PointSampler.cpp:
	Little improvement to photometric optimizer
	[204745319fce]

	* src/hugin_base/hugin_utils/utils.cpp:
	Little change to colors of cp errors to match better older versions
	[94e5cbfb44d5]

	* src/hugin1/hugin/CPEditorPanel.cpp:
	Range checking for manual input of cp coordinates [2994750]
	[1d31fa019c16]

	* src/hugin1/hugin/GLPreviewFrame.cpp:
	Disable numeric transform input in mosaic drag mode
	[0ca09312a4f9]

2010-04-28  jhelmine  <jhelmine@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/translations/fi.po:
	Finnish edit
	[6826a9ad9855]

2010-04-27  dangelo  <dangelo@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/translations/sk.po:
	updated slovak translation (Jozef Riha)
	[fb78705c61b9]

2010-04-27  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/wxPanoCommand.cpp:
	Unlink color balance as default when adding images
	[549a5e6adfc0]

	* src/tools/autooptimiser.cpp:
	Extended description for autooptimiser
	[8edaf99ab912]

2010-04-24  harryvanderwolf  <harryvanderwolf@users.sourceforge.net>

	* mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj:
	[OSX] change liblocalfeatures.dylib to framework; minor improvements
	[9363824752b8]

	* mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj:
	[OSX] Add panomatic-lib into XCode project: Retrieve panomatic-lib
	into hugin/src, build against internal vigra and merge/anchor into
	bundle
	[cf1eef3bace1]

2010-04-24  vatoz  <vatoz@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/translations/cs_CZ.po:
	New strings in czech translation
	[33e57f8d0594]

2010-04-21  harryvanderwolf  <harryvanderwolf@users.sourceforge.net>

	* mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/libxmi.sh,
	mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj, mac/copyTools.sh:
	[OSX] Several fixes and changes to XCode project for 64bit; added
	pto_merge and pano_modify to XCode; updated libxmi.sh for 64bit;
	added new tools script for 32bit and 64bit builds
	[934fa83c1e55]

2010-04-20  brunopostle  <brunopostle@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/GLPreviewFrame.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/GLPreviewFrame.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewDragTool.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewDragTool.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/preview_frame.xrc:
	Option to allow XY mosaic dragging in Fast Preview Drag mode, this
	could/should be made completely automatic (Darko Makreshanski)
	[562e2763ad1c]

2010-04-14  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin_base/algorithms/optimizer/PhotometricOptimizer.h,
	src/hugin_base/algorithms/point_sampler/PointSampler.h,
	src/tools/CMakeLists.txt, src/tools/ExtractPoints.h,
	src/tools/autooptimiser.cpp, src/tools/vig_optimize.cpp:
	Added smart photometric optimiser to autooptimiser
	[59bc403122e8]

	* src/foreign/levmar/lm_core.c,
	src/hugin_base/algorithms/optimizer/PhotometricOptimizer.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/appbase/ProgressDisplay.cpp:
	Some improvements for progress display
	[e514c0af4af0]

	* src/hugin1/hugin/AssistantPanel.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/OptimizePhotometricPanel.cpp:
	Fixes auto linking of photometric parameters for optimisation
	[50dca0d44319]

2010-04-13  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/PT/PanoCommand.h, src/hugin1/hugin/MainFrame.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/MainFrame.h, src/hugin1/hugin/wxPanoCommand.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/wxPanoCommand.h,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/Panorama.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/Panorama.h, src/tools/CMakeLists.txt,
	src/tools/pto_merge.cpp:
	Refactored merge panorama code to allow calling from commandline
	(new tool: pto_merge)
	[1bd63e695635]

2010-04-11  jlegg  <jlegg@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/tools/pano_modify.cpp:
	Fix compilation of pano_modify on g++. getopt.h was needed for
	required_argument etc, but was not included due to a #ifdef WIN32.
	g++ will not use toupper as a unary function object due to its c++
	overloads.
	[6777a9df7503]

2010-04-10  brunopostle  <brunopostle@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/translations/sv.po:
	Swedish update (Ulf Wilhelmson)
	[8dd7c70b1d7b]

2010-04-09  brunopostle  <brunopostle@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Mask_tab.html, src/hugin1
	/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Parameters_for_Control_Point_Detect
	ors_dialog.html,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Trackers.html:
	Add files missing from svn5107
	[82beba05f247]

2010-04-09  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/tools/CMakeLists.txt, src/tools/pano_modify.cpp:
	New tool: pano_modify allows to change some output parameter of
	project file from command line
	[b302950a4cc6]

	* src/hugin1/hugin/MainFrame.cpp:
	Extended warn message if saving failed
	[27629fc4aba3]

2010-04-06  brunopostle  <brunopostle@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Cpclean.html,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Focal_Length.html,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin.html,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_FAQ.html,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Main_window.html,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Preferences.html,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_translation_guide.html,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Lens_correction_model.html,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Nodal_Point.html,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Nona.html,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/PTmender.html, src/hugin1/hugin
	/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Panorama_scripting_in_a_nutshell.html,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Parallax.html,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/TIFF.html, src/hugin1/hugin/xrc
	/data/help_en_EN/The_General_Panini_Projection.html,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/pages.txt:
	Update manual from panotools wiki
	[4d53dbc3637e]

2010-04-05  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/MainFrame.cpp:
	Improved warning if saving of project file failed (e.g. read-only
	file or folder)
	[6994c35cb9c6]

2010-04-04  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/HFOVDialog.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/HFOVDialog.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/LensPanel.cpp:
	Tried to fix 64 bit issue with rev 5104
	[e173ae53b495]

2010-04-03  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/HFOVDialog.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/HFOVDialog.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/ImagesList.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/LensPanel.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/VertexCoordRemapper.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/assistant_panel.xrc,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/lens_panel.xrc,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/Lens.cpp, src/hugin_base/panodata/Lens.h,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/SrcPanoImage.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/SrcPanoImage.h,
	src/hugin_base/panotools/PanoToolsInterface.cpp:
	Expose new input projection formats in libpano, rev 1259, to GUI
	[d84e100519b1]

	* src/translations/de.po:
	Updated german translation
	[95b87a266a98]

2010-04-02  harryvanderwolf  <harryvanderwolf@users.sourceforge.net>

	* mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/SetEnv-leopard-OpenMP.txt,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/enblend-openmp.sh:
	[OSX] add OpenMP enabled enblend script + Setenv file
	[51d9b55b4582]

2010-04-02  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/translations/hu.po:
	Updated hungarian translation (Lajos HÃ¶ss)
	[a55a3ff8d153]

	* src/hugin_base/panodata/SrcPanoImage.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/SrcPanoImage.h:
	Check if the exif rotation tag is plausible, otherwise disregard the
	orientation tag (patch by Florian Achleitner)
	[ef856d01fa01]

	* CMakeModules/FindJPEG.cmake, CMakeModules/FindPNG.cmake,
	CMakeModules/win_bundle.cmake:
	Updated some libs to newer versions in CMake
	[f6fc6b5a27f5]

2010-04-01  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/ImagesPanel.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/LensPanel.cpp:
	Respect Exif orientation tag when reseting image positions
	[5caae9594bcc]

2010-03-29  brunopostle  <brunopostle@users.sourceforge.net>

	* ChangeLog:
	Update ChangeLog from SVN commit messages
	[386bb925c563]

2010-03-29  michausm  <michausm@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/translations/pl.po:
	Updated and corrected Polish translation file: working on new
	entries (MichaÅ Smoczyk).
	[b4c0a3b9e14f]

2010-03-27  harryvanderwolf  <harryvanderwolf@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/translations/nl.po:
	Update and correct dutch translation
	[ae6e7393a8b2]

2010-03-26  harryvanderwolf  <harryvanderwolf@users.sourceforge.net>

	* mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj:
	[OSX] minor update in XCode project after change in celeste
	[1f4888f2bdab]

2010-03-25  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/assistant_panel.xrc,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/cpdetector_dialog.xrc,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/edit_script_dialog.xrc,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/mask_editor_panel.xrc,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/pano_panel.xrc,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/pref_dialog.xrc,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/reset_dialog.xrc:
	Modified dialogs to respect systems interface guidelines (reorder of
	Ok and Cancel button: on Windows it's Ok and then Cancel; on Mac
	first Cancel, then Ok)
	[c9f58b6f1169]

	* src/hugin1/hugin/huginApp.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/CMakeLists.txt,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/anchor_orientation.xrc,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/main_menubar.xrc,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/vig_corr_dlg.xrc:
	Removed unused xrc files
	[36262533a5d9]

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/mask_editor_panel.xrc,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/preview_frame.xrc, src/translations/bg.po,
	src/translations/ca_ES.po, src/translations/cs_CZ.po,
	src/translations/de.po, src/translations/en_GB.po,
	src/translations/es.po, src/translations/fi.po,
	src/translations/fr.po, src/translations/hu.po,
	src/translations/hugin.pot, src/translations/it.po,
	src/translations/ja.po, src/translations/ko.po,
	src/translations/nl.po, src/translations/pl.po,
	src/translations/pt_BR.po, src/translations/ru.po,
	src/translations/sk.po, src/translations/sl.po,
	src/translations/sv.po, src/translations/uk.po,
	src/translations/zh_CN.po, src/translations/zh_TW.po:
	Changed some labels in GUI for better understanding
	[be1609d8a543]

2010-03-23  ade_br  <ade_br@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/translations/extract-messages.sh:
	No need for PanoDruid.{cpp,h} hack anymore, file has been removed
	:-)
	[52dd84091cae]

2010-03-23  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/translations/extract-messages.sh:
	Fixed typo in script
	[9366978b97d0]

2010-03-23  ade_br  <ade_br@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/translations/extract-messages.sh:
	Check if utilities exist before calling them

	Should avoid problems in setups where utilities like wxrc are not
	installed.
	[966cef520f9f]

2010-03-23  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/AssistantPanel.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/AssistantPanel.h, src/hugin1/hugin/CMakeLists.txt,
	src/hugin1/hugin/PanoDruid.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/PanoDruid.h,
	src/translations/bg.po, src/translations/ca_ES.po,
	src/translations/cs_CZ.po, src/translations/de.po,
	src/translations/en_GB.po, src/translations/es.po,
	src/translations/fi.po, src/translations/fr.po,
	src/translations/hu.po, src/translations/hugin.pot,
	src/translations/it.po, src/translations/ja.po,
	src/translations/ko.po, src/translations/nl.po,
	src/translations/pl.po, src/translations/pt_BR.po,
	src/translations/ru.po, src/translations/sk.po,
	src/translations/sl.po, src/translations/sv.po,
	src/translations/uk.po, src/translations/zh_CN.po,
	src/translations/zh_TW.po:
	Remove pano druid inclusive obsolete translations
	[075994a2e8fa]

2010-03-23  ade_br  <ade_br@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/translations/extract-messages.sh:
	Ignore PanoDruid.{cpp,h}, as it's outdated and disabled

	(as discussed in the hugin mailing-list)
	[d91bf33469ec]

2010-03-23  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/mask_editor_panel.xrc:
	Added style to wxRadioBox in mask load dialog
	[7209e4b796c9]

	* src/translations/de.po:
	Updated german translation (Carl von Einem)
	[9e50c9337c34]

2010-03-23  north-pole  <north-pole@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/translations/fr.po:
	Updated French translation
	[bec90300110c]

2010-03-23  jhelmine  <jhelmine@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/translations/fi.po:
	Finnish translation
	[f8babbbfa790]

2010-03-22  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/translations/bg.po, src/translations/ca_ES.po,
	src/translations/cs_CZ.po, src/translations/de.po,
	src/translations/en_GB.po, src/translations/es.po,
	src/translations/fi.po, src/translations/filter-ignored-strings.py,
	src/translations/fr.po, src/translations/hu.po,
	src/translations/hugin.pot, src/translations/it.po,
	src/translations/ja.po, src/translations/ko.po,
	src/translations/nl.po, src/translations/pl.po,
	src/translations/pt_BR.po, src/translations/ru.po,
	src/translations/sk.po, src/translations/sl.po,
	src/translations/sv.po, src/translations/uk.po,
	src/translations/zh_CN.po, src/translations/zh_TW.po:
	Updated translations
	[e02cd15502f8]

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/optimize_panel.xrc:
	Make optimize choice label consistent
	[3d58dedd57fa]

2010-03-21  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* CMakeModules/FindTIFF.cmake:
	Forgot to remove some debug statements
	[fdbee482a629]

	* CMakeLists.txt, CMakeModules/FindExiv2.cmake,
	CMakeModules/FindGLEW.cmake, CMakeModules/FindGLUT.cmake,
	CMakeModules/FindJPEG.cmake, CMakeModules/FindPNG.cmake,
	CMakeModules/FindTIFF.cmake, CMakeModules/FindZLIB.cmake,
	CMakeModules/win_bundle.cmake, src/celeste/CMakeLists.txt,
	src/celeste/Celeste.cpp, src/celeste/Celeste.h,
	src/celeste/CelesteGlobals.h, src/celeste/Utilities.h,
	src/foreign/ANN/ANN.h, src/foreign/ANN/CMakeLists.txt,
	src/foreign/vigra/vigra/config.hxx,
	src/foreign/vigra/vigra/diff2d.hxx,
	src/foreign/vigra/vigra_impex/CMakeLists.txt,
	src/hugin1/base_wx/CMakeLists.txt, src/hugin1/base_wx/ImageCache.h,
	src/hugin1/base_wx/MyExternalCmdExecDialog.h,
	src/hugin1/base_wx/MyProgressDialog.h,
	src/hugin1/base_wx/PTWXDlg.cpp, src/hugin1/base_wx/PTWXDlg.h,
	src/hugin1/base_wx/RunStitchPanel.h,
	src/hugin1/base_wx/huginConfig.h, src/hugin1/base_wx/platform.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/GLPreviewFrame.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/GLViewer.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/MeshManager.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewDifferenceTool.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewIdentifyTool.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/TextureManager.cpp, src/hugin_base/CMakeLists.txt,
	src/hugin_base/algorithm/PanoramaAlgorithm.h,
	src/hugin_base/algorithm/StitcherAlgorithm.h,
	src/hugin_base/algorithms/basic/CalculateCPStatistics.h,
	src/hugin_base/algorithms/basic/CalculateMeanExposure.h,
	src/hugin_base/algorithms/basic/CalculateOptimalROI.h,
	src/hugin_base/algorithms/basic/CalculateOptimalScale.h,
	src/hugin_base/algorithms/basic/RotatePanorama.h,
	src/hugin_base/algorithms/basic/StraightenPanorama.h,
	src/hugin_base/algorithms/control_points/CleanCP.h,
	src/hugin_base/algorithms/nona/CalculateFOV.h,
	src/hugin_base/algorithms/nona/CenterHorizontally.h,
	src/hugin_base/algorithms/nona/ComputeImageROI.h,
	src/hugin_base/algorithms/nona/FitPanorama.h,
	src/hugin_base/algorithms/nona/NonaFileStitcher.h,
	src/hugin_base/algorithms/optimizer/ImageGraph.h,
	src/hugin_base/algorithms/optimizer/PTOptimizer.h,
	src/hugin_base/algorithms/optimizer/PhotometricOptimizer.h, src/hugi
	n_base/algorithms/panorama_makefile/PanoramaMakefileExport.h,
	src/hugin_base/algorithms/point_sampler/PointSampler.h,
	src/hugin_base/appbase/DocumentData.h,
	src/hugin_base/appbase/ProgressDisplay.h,
	src/hugin_base/appbase/ProgressDisplayOld.h,
	src/hugin_base/appbase/ProgressReporterOld.h,
	src/hugin_base/hugin_math/Matrix3.h,
	src/hugin_base/hugin_math/hugin_math.h,
	src/hugin_base/hugin_utils/platform.h,
	src/hugin_base/hugin_utils/utils.h,
	src/hugin_base/huginapp/CachedImageRemapper.h,
	src/hugin_base/huginapp/ImageCache.h,
	src/hugin_base/nona/SpaceTransform.h,
	src/hugin_base/nona/Stitcher.h,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/ControlPoint.h,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/DestPanoImage.h,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/ImageVariable.h,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/ImageVariableGroup.h,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/ImageVariableTranslate.h,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/Lens.h, src/hugin_base/panodata/Mask.h,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/PTScriptParsing.h,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/Panorama.h,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/PanoramaData.h,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/PanoramaOptions.h,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/PanoramaVariable.h,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/SrcPanoImage.h,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/StandardImageVariableGroups.h,
	src/hugin_base/panotools/PanoToolsInterface.h,
	src/hugin_base/panotools/PanoToolsOptimizerWrapper.h,
	src/hugin_base/panotools/PanoToolsUtils.h,
	src/hugin_base/vigra_ext/Correlation.h,
	src/hugin_base/vigra_ext/ImageTransformsGPU.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/vigra_ext/MultiThreadOperations.h,
	src/hugin_base/vigra_ext/emor.h, src/hugin_shared.h,
	src/tools/nona.cpp:
	Added option to build Hugin with dynamic libs on windows (disabled
	by default because this requires to rebuild all dependecies as
	dynamic libs)
	[84c9acaf20b8]

2010-03-17  north-pole  <north-pole@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/translations/fr.po:
	French tranlation update
	[351a6b3c99ff]

2010-03-17  brunopostle  <brunopostle@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/translations/de.po:
	German translation update (Carl von Einem)
	[0974d81fb12c]

2010-03-17  ade_br  <ade_br@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/translations/README.txt:
	Add a link to the translators guide (wiki)
	[952cbd005c4f]

	* src/translations/extract-messages.sh, src/translations/filter-
	ignored-strings.py:
	Minor refactoring on i18n scripts that extract gettext messages

	(no behavioral changes, just refactoring the interaction with the
	filter-ignored-strings.py script)
	[d8914c52f885]

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/pano_panel.xrc:
	Fix minor typo on autocrop tooltip

	(thanks to Carl von Einem for reporting it)
	[cf065314353b]

2010-03-16  brunopostle  <brunopostle@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/OptimizePanel.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/optimize_panel.xrc:
	Optimisation preset for Everything not x,y,z (Felix Hagemann)
	[08fe5312934b]

2010-03-15  brunopostle  <brunopostle@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/translations/zh_TW.po:
	Traditional Chinese update (Rick Langford)
	[0affed32e8aa]

2010-03-13  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin_base/panodata/Mask.cpp:
	Fixes rounding error in mask handling
	[6ddc4317df12]

	* src/hugin1/hugin/GreatCircles.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/GreatCircles.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewLayoutLinesTool.cpp:
	Don't draw crosses on great circle arcs in layout mode
	[f9a041de44af]

2010-03-13  harryvanderwolf  <harryvanderwolf@users.sourceforge.net>

	* mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj, mac/localised.sh:
	[OSX] XCode: cleanup, make project and scripts more robust when
	environment not completely "reliable"
	[5e242d644a60]

2010-03-09  brunopostle  <brunopostle@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/translations/zh_TW.po:
	Chinese Traditional update (Rick Langford)
	[eb3e05ccd38f]

2010-03-08  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin_base/panodata/PanoramaOptions.cpp:
	Decouple hfov and vfov values (fixes bug introduced in rev. 4911)
	[6cfaa1720b72]

2010-03-07  brunopostle  <brunopostle@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/translations/hu.po:
	Hungarian update (HÃ¶ss Lajos)
	[a4f4fe7bd016]

	* src/translations/sv.po:
	Swedish update (Ulf Wilhelmson)
	[af90161f96d5]

2010-03-04  bavanandel  <bavanandel@users.sourceforge.net>

	* platforms/windows/smartblend-wrapper/smartblend-hugin.bat:
	Bugfix to smartblend-wrapper for properly handling quoted filenames
	[ded5d2de4e13]

2010-03-02  brunopostle  <brunopostle@users.sourceforge.net>

	* authors.txt:
	Update authors.txt (Stephen Bennett)
	[7ae40a25980c]

2010-03-02  harryvanderwolf  <harryvanderwolf@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/CPImagesComboBox.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/GreatCircles.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/GreatCircles.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewControlPointTool.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewControlPointTool.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewLayoutLinesTool.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/hugin_utils/utils.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/hugin_utils/utils.h:
	Coloured Control Points in Gui Preview
	[cd0a5c07b132]

2010-03-01  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* CMakeModules/win_bundle.cmake,
	src/hugin1/base_wx/RunStitchPanel.cpp, src/hugin_base/algorithms/pan
	orama_makefile/PanoramaMakefileExport.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/hugin_utils/platform.h:
	Modified makefile generation on windows (it's using now GNUmake and
	cmd.exe)
	[b82161c57960]

	* src/hugin1/base_wx/platform.cpp, src/hugin1/base_wx/platform.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/MainFrame.cpp, src/hugin1/ptbatcher/BatchFrame.cpp,
	src/hugin1/stitch_project/hugin_stitch_project.cpp:
	Warn user about invalid characters in filenames
	[6a1192d812ba]

	* src/hugin1/hugin/huginApp.cpp:
	Expand wildcards on windows to allow hugin *.jpg
	[fd2309255912]

2010-02-28  harryvanderwolf  <harryvanderwolf@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/CPDetectorConfig_default.h:
	[OSX] update CPDetectorConfig_default.h to latest "insights"
	[edefbd0537cd]

2010-02-27  harryvanderwolf  <harryvanderwolf@users.sourceforge.net>

	* mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj,
	src/hugin1/hugin/MaskLoadDialog.h:
	[OSX] correct MaskLoadDialog.h and XCode project after svn commit
	5014
	[4e3b4be1d21a]

2010-02-27  vatoz  <vatoz@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/translations/cs_CZ.po:
	Updated Czcech translation
	[d5120de67a0e]

2010-02-24  jlegg  <jlegg@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/MaskImageCtrl.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewLayoutLinesTool.cpp:
	Fix use of uninitalised memory in MaskImageCtrl and
	PreviewLayoutLinesTool.
	[ad73cf527699]

2010-02-23  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/CMakeLists.txt,
	src/hugin1/hugin/MaskEditorPanel.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/MaskImageCtrl.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/MaskImageCtrl.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/MaskLoadDialog.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/MaskLoadDialog.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/mask_editor_panel.xrc,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/Mask.cpp, src/hugin_base/panodata/Mask.h:
	Added mask processing dialog when adding a mask with other
	dimensions than current one (rotate, scale mask)
	[7fbe52169955]

2010-02-23  gpatters1  <gpatters1@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/MaskEditorPanel.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/MaskEditorPanel.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/mask_editor_panel.xrc:
	Add Image mask save and restore buttons to mask image panel.
	[e02a63db41d3]

2010-02-22  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/AutoCtrlPointCreator.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/CPDetectorConfig_default.h:
	Fixes small issue with numeric locale and cp detector
	[428ecc9d6a7b]

2010-02-21  brunopostle  <brunopostle@users.sourceforge.net>

	* doc/nona.txt:
	Add description of k-line masks in .pto format
	[db8287d42d42]

2010-02-21  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/MainFrame.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/MainFrame.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/main_menu.xrc:
	Added function to remove cp in masks to edit menu
	[8b71b63ee2e1]

	* src/hugin1/hugin/MaskImageCtrl.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/MaskImageCtrl.h:
	Prevent double drawing of image when selecting new image in mask
	editor
	[a3845233e245]

2010-02-20  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/MaskEditorPanel.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/MaskEditorPanel.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/MaskImageCtrl.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/MaskImageCtrl.h:
	Rotate image in mask editor depending on roll and pitch values
	[523313a2ff97]

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/mask_editor_panel.xrc:
	Changed some more mask labels
	[ced3ae33051d]

	* src/hugin_base/panodata/Panorama.cpp:
	Better calculation of positive masks for non-overlapping images
	[1947efb6900c]

	* src/hugin1/hugin/MaskEditorPanel.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/MaskImageCtrl.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/mask_editor_panel.xrc:
	Some better labels, add hint for adding masks.
	[14f444402290]

2010-02-19  jlegg  <jlegg@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/TextureManager.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/TextureManager.h:
	Fix bug: mask textures were often shared between images with the
	same filename in the fast preview even if they had different masks.
	This fix compares the masks, if they are not the same a new texture
	and associated mask is used. It would have been possible to seperate
	masks and image textures, this would have provided better memory use
	(the image textrure doesn't need to be loaded multiple times when
	masked differently), but leaving masks and associated images tied as
	one unit is simpler.
	[566351aa5f10]

2010-02-19  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin_base/panodata/Panorama.cpp:
	Clip positive mask at image boundaries during internal processing
	[3da3e5ce686a]

	* src/hugin1/hugin/MaskImageCtrl.cpp:
	Fixes small bug in selecting all points of one polygon (with right
	mouse button)
	[fff00f9a6a19]

	* src/hugin1/hugin/MaskEditorPanel.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/mask_editor_panel.xrc:
	Changed text for mask type to exclude/include
	[2900436191da]

	* src/hugin1/hugin/MaskImageCtrl.cpp:
	Fixes disappearing mask image when resizing window [2953796]
	[78da58d3ee1d]

	* src/hugin1/hugin/wxPanoCommand.cpp:
	Better merging of project file with masks
	[92a6259b74c8]

2010-02-18  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewIdentifyTool.cpp:
	Improved rev 4988
	[71af5b2998a9]

	* src/hugin1/hugin/LensPanel.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/lens_panel.xrc:
	Some small changes to lenspanel
	[0ade97923395]

2010-02-18  yuv  <yuv@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewIdentifyTool.cpp:
	fix https://sourceforge.net/tracker/?func=detail&atid=550441&aid=295
	2797&group_id=77506
	[67a360016203]

2010-02-17  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewIdentifyTool.cpp:
	Update includes for windows after last changes to fast preview
	window
	[9d770a1581b9]

2010-02-16  harryvanderwolf  <harryvanderwolf@users.sourceforge.net>

	* mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj:
	[OSX] update XCode project after Thomas' mask editor patch
	[5d5e238e95af]

2010-02-15  jlegg  <jlegg@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewIdentifyTool.cpp:
	Cut masked out areas from the identify boxes.
	[ff2726555134]

	* src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewCropTool.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewCropTool.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewDragTool.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewDragTool.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewPanoMaskTool.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewPanoMaskTool.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewTool.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewToolHelper.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewToolHelper.h:
	In the fast preview, separate drawing images over the top of the
	others and drawing overlays. This allows some constraint on blending
	order. Previously the blending order depended entierly on the order
	the tools were in memory. Fixes bug where sometimes the crop
	highlight was included in the difference mode. Fixes bug where
	sometimes the guides in drag mode inverted something that should
	have been masked out by difference mode.
	[ab068662bbd8]

2010-02-15  north-pole  <north-pole@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/translations/fr.po:
	French translation update
	[a734c2c6274a]

2010-02-15  jlegg  <jlegg@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewDifferenceTool.cpp:
	Respect mask in fast preview's difference mode.
	[03f08eafcaf1]

2010-02-15  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/MaskEditorPanel.cpp:
	Fixed typo
	[55445e88cef4]

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/main_menu.xrc:
	Changed menu label from Import project to Merge project
	[eba25c9872b9]

	* src/hugin1/PT/PanoCommand.h, src/hugin1/hugin/CMakeLists.txt,
	src/hugin1/hugin/GLPreviewFrame.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/GLRenderer.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/GLViewer.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/ImagesList.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/ImagesList.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/MainFrame.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/MainFrame.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/MaskEditorPanel.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/MaskEditorPanel.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/MaskImageCtrl.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/MaskImageCtrl.h, src/hugin1/hugin/MeshManager.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewControlPointTool.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewCropTool.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewDifferenceTool.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewDragTool.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewIdentifyTool.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewLayoutLinesTool.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewPanoMaskTool.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/TextureManager.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/TextureManager.h, src/hugin1/hugin/ViewState.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/ViewState.h, src/hugin1/hugin/config_defaults.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/huginApp.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/CMakeLists.txt,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/main_frame.xrc,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/mask_editor_panel.xrc,
	src/hugin_base/CMakeLists.txt,
	src/hugin_base/algorithms/nona/ComputeImageROI.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/nona/RemappedPanoImage.h,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/ImageVariableTranslate.h,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/Mask.cpp, src/hugin_base/panodata/Mask.h,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/Panorama.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/Panorama.h,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/SrcPanoImage.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/SrcPanoImage.h,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/image_variables.h:
	Added simple masking tool
	[08c26a1e7105]

2010-02-14  north-pole  <north-pole@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/translations/fr.po:
	French translation update
	[cca16ccfcdd5]

2010-02-14  harryvanderwolf  <harryvanderwolf@users.sourceforge.net>

	* mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj, mac/complete-bundle.sh:
	[OSX] update XCode project: set project optimalization to -O3, add
	target "Hugin with tools"
	[bc1854ba6ec7]

	* mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/boost.sh,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/gettext.sh,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/gnumake.sh,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/ilmbase.sh,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/lcms.sh,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/libexiv2.sh,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/libexpat.sh,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/libglew.sh,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/libiconv.sh,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/libjpeg.sh,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/libpng.sh,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/libtiff.sh,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/libxmi.sh,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/openexr16.sh,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/pano13.sh:
	[OSX] Set all script optimalisations to -O3 instead of -O2, apart
	from wxmac
	[b4dd3626d91f]

2010-02-12  harryvanderwolf  <harryvanderwolf@users.sourceforge.net>

	* mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/libexiv2.sh:
	[OSX] Update libexiv2 script to be able to add the exiv2 binary to
	the tools as well
	[ec208021cec7]

2010-02-10  jlegg  <jlegg@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/GreatCircles.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/GreatCircles.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewLayoutLinesTool.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewLayoutLinesTool.h,
	src/hugin_base/hugin_math/hugin_math.h:
	Use great circle arcs to connect images in layout view.
	[721ac3020c30]

	* src/hugin1/hugin/GLPreviewFrame.cpp:
	Fix a bug where scrolling the layout image scale slider with the
	mouse wheel was ignored.
	[90356a12b19e]

2010-02-07  jhelmine  <jhelmine@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/translations/fi.po:
	Finnish remap translation
	[bc8d3dd78305]

2010-02-06  jhelmine  <jhelmine@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/translations/fi.po:
	Finnish translation (minor changes)
	[38149c1e8573]

2010-02-05  harryvanderwolf  <harryvanderwolf@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/translations/nl.po:
	Update and correct dutch translation
	[4a5fc070e603]

	* mac/complete-tools-package.sh:
	[OSX] add libiconv to complete-tools-package.sh script
	[19a5904acc13]

2010-02-04  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/LensPanel.cpp:
	Also reset translation parameters
	[5836d0fb8a97]

2010-02-02  brunopostle  <brunopostle@users.sourceforge.net>

	* ChangeLog:
	Update ChangeLog
	[ac17aab2a093]

2010-02-02  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin_base/CMakeLists.txt:
	Added more header files to CMake
	[ecf11c122b87]

	* src/foreign/vigra/vigra_impex/png.cxx:
	Make libpng 1.4 optional
	[cb65b7db1489]

2010-02-01  Lukas Jirkovsky  <l.jirkovsky@gmail.com>

	* src/foreign/vigra/vigra_impex/png.cxx:
	Fix compilation with libpng 1.4.0
	[f978e43bbdd4]

	* CMakeLists.txt:
	re-add LAPACK option removed by mistake in rev 4951.
	[7d3a4bebc69c]

2010-01-31  jhelmine  <jhelmine@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/translations/fi.po:
	Finnish corrections
	[38cb9c703393]

2010-01-31  jhelmine  <jhelmine@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/translations/fi.po:
	Finnish 84 per cent
	[1c43a35265bc]

2010-01-30  jhelmine  <jhelmine@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/translations/fi.po:
	Finnish translation 68 per cent
	[de7b3fe95112]

2010-01-29  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/AssistantPanel.cpp, src/translations/bg.po,
	src/translations/ca_ES.po, src/translations/cs_CZ.po,
	src/translations/de.po, src/translations/en_GB.po,
	src/translations/es.po, src/translations/fi.po,
	src/translations/fr.po, src/translations/hu.po,
	src/translations/hugin.pot, src/translations/it.po,
	src/translations/ja.po, src/translations/ko.po,
	src/translations/nl.po, src/translations/pl.po,
	src/translations/pt_BR.po, src/translations/ru.po,
	src/translations/sk.po, src/translations/sl.po,
	src/translations/sv.po, src/translations/uk.po,
	src/translations/zh_CN.po, src/translations/zh_TW.po:
	Added one missing string to translations
	[b0ede8f693f7]

	* src/translations/de.po:
	Updated german translation by zarl
	[81861c27e22d]

	* src/hugin_base/panodata/Panorama.cpp:
	Fixes writing of script file when script contains not all images
	[823ee68664a9]

2010-01-29  jhelmine  <jhelmine@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/translations/fi.po:
	Finnish
	[46f20d260d02]

2010-01-29  Lukas Jirkovsky  <l.jirkovsky@gmail.com>

	* CMakeLists.txt:
	Add option (ENABLE_LAPACK...). It doesn't change current behavior,
	but this is a standard way how to specify additional options in
	CMake.
	[495ecd7b7fc9]

2010-01-28  harryvanderwolf  <harryvanderwolf@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/translations/it.po:
	Update of italian translation. Thanks to Cristian Marchi
	[cd4c07525715]

	* src/translations/nl.po:
	Updated dutch translation
	[9699d7dd8f80]

2010-01-28  jhelmine  <jhelmine@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/translations/fi.po:
	translation
	[51350849cc3f]

2010-01-27  jhelmine  <jhelmine@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/translations/fi.po:
	some new translations
	[e566da324855]

2010-01-27  brunopostle  <brunopostle@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/translations/bg.po, src/translations/ca_ES.po,
	src/translations/cs_CZ.po, src/translations/de.po,
	src/translations/en_GB.po, src/translations/es.po,
	src/translations/fi.po, src/translations/fr.po,
	src/translations/hu.po, src/translations/hugin.pot,
	src/translations/it.po, src/translations/ja.po,
	src/translations/ko.po, src/translations/nl.po,
	src/translations/pl.po, src/translations/pt_BR.po,
	src/translations/ru.po, src/translations/sk.po,
	src/translations/sl.po, src/translations/sv.po,
	src/translations/uk.po, src/translations/zh_CN.po,
	src/translations/zh_TW.po:
	Update translation strings, 29 new strings
	[ec9a62205065]

2010-01-27  jhelmine  <jhelmine@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/translations/fi.po:
	Finnish translation 50percent
	[a0e3fb86407a]

	* src/translations/fi.po:
	Finnish translation 45percent
	[148383edf322]

2010-01-27  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin_base/photometric/ResponseTransform.h:
	Speedup photometric optimisation [2887724]
	[0fc4e8c6bf79]

2010-01-25  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin_base/panodata/Panorama.cpp:
	Some fix for optimisation of translation parameters
	[2d39b7736bcc]

	* src/hugin_base/CMakeLists.txt:
	Added some missing header files to CMakeLists.txt
	[263ac3ff2dc8]

	* src/hugin1/hugin/PreferencesDialog.cpp:
	Added finnish to list on preferences dialog
	[3855610a0fc1]

2010-01-24  jhelmine  <jhelmine@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/translations/fi.po:
	more translations
	[bb2e5cd41f0c]

	* src/translations/fi.po:
	Finnish translations
	[b466823bcedb]

2010-01-22  dangelo  <dangelo@users.sourceforge.net>

	* doc/pano_trafo.pod, src/tools/pano_trafo.cpp:
	panotrafo: Remove references to cpclean from doc & comments.
	[2768fc3765ec]

2010-01-22  jhelmine  <jhelmine@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/translations/fi.po:
	Finnish translation
	[29b1dfd45d3e]

2010-01-21  skipgaede  <skipgaede@users.sourceforge.net>

	* mac/BuildConfig.xcconfig.orig,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/boost.sh, mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts
	/build-all.sh:
	[OSX] Reverted back to older version (1.40) of boost
	[e403ce935f8b]

	* mac/BuildConfig.xcconfig.orig,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/boost.sh, mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts
	/build-all.sh, mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/lcms.sh,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/libexiv2.sh,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/libjpeg.sh,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/libpng.sh,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/libtiff.sh:
	[OSX] Updated scripts for updated packages:
	boost,jpeg,png,tiff,exiv2,lcms
	[bb4a21264c2e]

2010-01-21  harryvanderwolf  <harryvanderwolf@users.sourceforge.net>

	* mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/panomatic-lib.sh:
	[OSX] add panomatic-lib.sh script that uses hugins internal
	huginvigraimpex.framework
	[b36581795034]

2010-01-21  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin_base/panodata/PanoramaOptions.cpp:
	Some internal improvements for reset of projection paramters
	[454ea5bbae64]

2010-01-20  allardkatan  <allardkatan@users.sourceforge.net>

	* platforms/windows/installer/PreRelease_Notes.txt:
	
	[5cad881eb85b]

2010-01-19  harryvanderwolf  <harryvanderwolf@users.sourceforge.net>

	* mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj:
	[OSX] modify xcode project to compile against internal libiconv
	[953cb4c5e234]

2010-01-19  skipgaede  <skipgaede@users.sourceforge.net>

	* mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/build-all.sh, mac/complete-bundle.sh:
	[OSX] Fixed minor glitches in complete-bundle.sh and scripts/build-
	all.sh
	[b6473b91919e]

	* mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/pano13.sh:
	[OSX] Minor tweak resulting from change in base dynamic lib name
	[a9fa40e82c35]

2010-01-19  harryvanderwolf  <harryvanderwolf@users.sourceforge.net>

	* mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/build-all.sh,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/gettext.sh,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/gnumake.sh, mac/complete-bundle.sh:
	[OSX] script modifications to incorporate libiconv into bundle
	creation
	[79a0d78c636e]

2010-01-19  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/GLPreviewFrame.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/GLPreviewFrame.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewFrame.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewFrame.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/preview_frame.xrc,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/PanoramaOptions.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/PanoramaOptions.h:
	Added reset projection parameters button
	[47535afbc136]

2010-01-18  harryvanderwolf  <harryvanderwolf@users.sourceforge.net>

	* mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/libiconv.sh:
	[OSX] add libiconv script. Most probably we will need it
	[268be81f12b9]

2010-01-18  allardkatan  <allardkatan@users.sourceforge.net>

	* CMakeLists.txt, platforms/windows/installer/CMakeLists.txt,
	platforms/windows/installer/hugin-SDK_allard.iss,
	platforms/windows/installer/hugin.iss,
	platforms/windows/installer/hugin_no_patents.iss,
	platforms/windows/installer/hugin_prerelease.iss,
	platforms/windows/installer/hugin_release.iss,
	platforms/windows/installer/huginplugin.iss,
	platforms/windows/installer/installer_howto.txt,
	platforms/windows/installer/installer_license.txt:
	Updated files related to the windows installer
	[df7691f63992]

2010-01-18  harryvanderwolf  <harryvanderwolf@users.sourceforge.net>

	* mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/pano13.sh:
	[OSX] update pano13.sh script for latest panotools svn version
	[70ae8e942a41]

2010-01-18  tksharpless  <tksharpless@users.sourceforge.net>

	* CMakeModules/win_bundle.cmake, src/hugin1/hugin/GLPreviewFrame.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewFrame.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/PanoramaOptions.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/PanoramaOptions.h:
	Removed LICENSE.GPL from libpano install list Dynamic FOVs now work
	right; all fovs are handled better (panodata/PanoramaOptions.cpp)
	Narrower preview projection params text boxes make more room for
	sliders
	[6ed04a2c9682]

2010-01-18  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/deghosting/CMakeLists.txt, src/foreign/ANN/CMakeLists.txt,
	src/foreign/getopt/CMakeLists.txt,
	src/foreign/lensdb/CMakeLists.txt,
	src/foreign/levmar/CMakeLists.txt,
	src/foreign/vigra/vigra_impex/CMakeLists.txt,
	src/hugin1/base_wx/CMakeLists.txt, src/hugin1/hugin/CMakeLists.txt,
	src/hugin_base/CMakeLists.txt, src/lens_calibrate/CMakeLists.txt,
	src/matchpoint/CMakeLists.txt, src/tools/CMakeLists.txt:
	Added some header files into CMakeLists.txt
	[25ad5066431f]

	* src/hugin_base/algorithms/basic/StraightenPanorama.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/algorithms/nona/CenterHorizontally.cpp:
	Fixes center and straighten [2871401]
	[66832bf44a6e]

	* src/tools/align_image_stack.cpp:
	Fixes crash in align_image_stack
	[4e7d961620b8]

	* src/hugin1/hugin/AutoCtrlPointCreator.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/AutoCtrlPointCreator.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/CPDetectorConfig.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/CPDetectorConfig.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/CPDetectorConfig_default.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/cpdetector_dialog.xrc:
	Extended cp detectors to allow also 2 step detectors (e.g.
	generatekeys + autopano)
	[3426883c016c]

2010-01-17  skipgaede  <skipgaede@users.sourceforge.net>

	* mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/build-all.sh:
	[OSX] Forgot to reset PATHTOHUGIN
	[4508341d69ae]

	* mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/pano13.sh:
	[OSX] fixed libpano13 dynamic library names
	[b25dbd1163b1]

	* mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/build-all.sh,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/pano13.sh:
	[OSX] edit build-all for glew-1.5.2; move vsn detection in pano13 to
	top for visibility
	[43caef327745]

2010-01-16  tksharpless  <tksharpless@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin_base/panodata/PanoramaOptions.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/PanoramaOptions.h:
	Gets default projection parameters and dynamic FOV limits from
	libpano (which has correlated changes -- update & install panotools
	before building hugin)-- first cut, working but still some rough
	edges.
	[10f609a712f4]

	* CMakeLists.txt, CMakeModules/FindPANO13.cmake,
	CMakeModules/win_bundle.cmake,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/PanoramaOptions.cpp:
	PanoramaOptions.cpp use new dyanmic mFOV limit query CMake scripts
	adjusted to match current libpano install script on Windows.
	[6ede8057fa58]

2010-01-16  harryvanderwolf  <harryvanderwolf@users.sourceforge.net>

	* mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/gettext.sh:
	[OSX] 2nd correction gettext.sh
	[3cb075ae9987]

	* mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/gettext.sh:
	[OSX] correct libintl install_name in libgettext*.dylibs
	[aeed84b288ab]

2010-01-16  yuv  <yuv@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/AssistantPanel.cpp:
	Inform user that the assistant uses the preferences settings and not
	the project's settings.
	[bf3b8c644587]

2010-01-15  harryvanderwolf  <harryvanderwolf@users.sourceforge.net>

	* mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/libglew.sh,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/pano13.sh:
	[OSX] minor changes to scripts
	[ba084fcbbb0d]

	* mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj:
	[OSX] optimize XCode project: move some tools from "bundled tools"
	to "tools - other dynamic" where they belong. Remove some tools from
	stitch_project. Add align_image_stack to Hugin's direct dependencies
	and to "Copy Bundle Resources" as it can now be used from inside the
	bundle
	[5ac9f9170bbf]

	* src/hugin1/hugin/AutoCtrlPointCreator.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/CPDetectorConfig_default.h:
	[OSX] Add possibility to add (patent free) CP Detectors inside
	bundle. This was removed after implementation of new CPDetector
	structure. Now added again. Thanks to Thomas Modes
	[d77cd5c26b51]

2010-01-15  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin_base/algorithms/control_points/CleanCP.cpp:
	A little change to cleancp to better support of stacks
	[ed63d7404ba1]

2010-01-14  tksharpless  <tksharpless@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin_base/vigra_ext/ImageTransformsGPU.cpp:
	Added "#undef DIFFERENCE" on Windows (rq'd for Vigra )
	[10502f3a9919]

	* CMakeModules/FindGLUT.cmake:
	My previous change broke build. Now fixed.
	[2f79888c57d6]

2010-01-13  skipgaede  <skipgaede@users.sourceforge.net>

	* mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/pano13.sh:
	[OSX] Forgot to add revision history
	[e4c2b120b9a1]

	* mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/pano13.sh:
	[OSX] Update pano13 script to work with libpano13-2.9.15
	[26311f85152c]

2010-01-13  tksharpless  <tksharpless@users.sourceforge.net>

	* CMakeLists.txt:
	Made revision number suffix of boost root directory a cache
	variable, so Windows users will no longer have to edit
	CmakeLists.txt (if they use cmakesetup).
	[d947d5101bf5]

	* CMakeModules/FindGLUT.cmake:
	Also finds glut.h, glutxx.lib directly under ${GLUT_ROOT_PATH}
	[d56a038865b7]

2010-01-13  skipgaede  <skipgaede@users.sourceforge.net>

	* mac/complete-bundle.sh, mac/complete-tools-package.sh:
	[OSX] Added support for new dynamic libraries to scripts
	[02e5b16197c5]

2010-01-13  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/AutoCtrlPointCreator.cpp:
	Fix for optimisation step in multi-row cp detector
	[468599e1bb6f]

2010-01-12  skipgaede  <skipgaede@users.sourceforge.net>

	* mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/build-all.sh:
	[OSX] Enhance build-all.sh to segregate static libs into lib-static
	[09b5fa2a329f]

	* mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj:
	[OSX] Clean-up and rationalize Hugin.xcodeproj
	[ab81f2632d07]

	* mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/libexiv2.sh,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/libglew.sh,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/libxmi-1.2.patch,
	mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/libxmi.sh:
	[OSX] new scripts for building dynamic versions of libexiv2 libGLEW
	and libxmi
	[40060d55e83a]

2010-01-12  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/AutoCtrlPointCreator.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/CPDetectorConfig.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/CPDetectorConfig.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/cpdetector_dialog.xrc:
	Some improvements for new cp detector settings
	[90894f5a94a9]

	* src/hugin1/hugin/MainFrame.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/wxPanoCommand.cpp:
	Fixes some issues with import function
	[c227f10eac2f]

2010-01-11  skipgaede  <skipgaede@users.sourceforge.net>

	* mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj:
	[OSX] fix a few bugs in building Separate Tools Package
	[9cde22187f16]

2010-01-11  harryvanderwolf  <harryvanderwolf@users.sourceforge.net>

	* mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj, mac/complete-tools-package.sh:
	[OSX] final 5% of "Hugin_tools" package
	[aa8ba824ccc1]

	* mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj:
	[OSX] finally corrected a small build error in celeste_standalone
	(thanks to Skip Gaede) and changed name from celeste to
	celeste_standalone
	[a4d44f19d9f5]

	* mac/Hugin_tools/Readme.txt, mac/complete-tools-package.sh:
	[OSX] next 5% of OSX "Hugin_tools" package incl. minor bugfixes
	[7c50f798de88]

2010-01-11  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/CPEditorPanel.cpp:
	Fixes small typo, patch by Andreas Metzler
	[64e2b31f0d05]

	* src/hugin1/hugin/AutoCtrlPointCreator.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/AutoCtrlPointCreator.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/CPDetectorConfig.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/CPDetectorConfig.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/CPDetectorConfig_default.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/cpdetector_dialog.xrc:
	Added new cp generator settings (multi-row, stacked multi-row,
	prealigned)
	[432a575dd315]

	* src/hugin1/hugin/MainFrame.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/MainFrame.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/wxPanoCommand.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/wxPanoCommand.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/main_menu.xrc:
	Implemented import project feature
	[7eb62557703b]

	* src/hugin_base/algorithms/optimizer/PTOptimizer.cpp:
	Fixes false optimizer settings
	[0d7fcc62571d]

	* src/hugin1/hugin/LensPanel.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/StandardImageVariableGroups.cpp:
	Fixes crop factor always 1 artefact[2871394]
	[19bf05b55c92]

2010-01-10  harryvanderwolf  <harryvanderwolf@users.sourceforge.net>

	* mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj, mac/Hugin_tools/Readme.txt,
	mac/Hugin_tools/set_environment.txt, mac/complete-tools-package.sh:
	[OSX] Add new target and files to make a "Hugin_tools" package that
	can be distributed. This package would contain all command line
	tools from the Hugin project from which only a few are delivered
	with the Hugin bundle. Build state at 90%
	[d3eb2beff53a]

	* src/hugin_config_mac.h:
	[OSX] hugin_config_mac.h (only for bundle) did not support the
	INSTALL_DATA_DIR variable yet
	[c8168bd027d9]

	* mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj:
	[OSX] Add pano_trafo to Hugin XCode project
	[ca71d3dd0bbd]

2010-01-09  harryvanderwolf  <harryvanderwolf@users.sourceforge.net>

	* mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj:
	[OSX] Add monolithic hugin_base static target combining all separate
	hugin_base like static libs. This might facilitate building static
	tools
	[35a91d4aad84]

2010-01-09  skipgaede  <skipgaede@users.sourceforge.net>

	* mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj:
	[OSX] Xcode project file updated to build static tools (again)
	[3862a687eef3]

2010-01-08  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin_base/algorithms/optimizer/PhotometricOptimizer.cpp:
	Use correctly linked variables for photometric optmization
	[b4a97074cf59]

	* src/hugin_base/panodata/PanoramaOptions.cpp:
	Some fixes for changed general panini in libpano13 rev1210
	[9488974f3425]

2010-01-06  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/images_panel.xrc,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/lens_panel.xrc:
	Some cosmetic changes to GUI
	[b9e3a81df2ff]

	* src/hugin1/hugin/OptimizePanel.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/optimize_panel.xrc:
	Update optimize panel for better integration of translation
	parameters
	[6f1fd6a570e6]

	* src/hugin1/base_wx/MyProgressDialog.h:
	Forgot one file in rev 4854
	[11ec84285ff5]

2010-01-05  brunopostle  <brunopostle@users.sourceforge.net>

	* doc/CMakeLists.txt:
	install pano_trafo man page
	[106c5273994a]

2010-01-05  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin_base/panodata/Panorama.cpp:
	Correctly link images in subset of panorama (fixes a optimization
	bug)
	[1526c096a644]

2010-01-04  dangelo  <dangelo@users.sourceforge.net>

	* doc/Makefile.pod2man, doc/pano_trafo.1, doc/pano_trafo.pod,
	src/tools/CMakeLists.txt, src/tools/pano_trafo.cpp:
	Added pano_trafo, a command line tool to transform between image and
	panorama coordinates (and vice versa) Probably useful for testing
	the transforms and for verifying interest point detectors.
	[baaa45a592bf]

2010-01-02  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin_base/algorithms/nona/FitPanorama.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/PanoramaOptions.cpp:
	Fixes small rounding error introduced in rev 4838
	[c19af10f7a30]

	* src/hugin_base/panodata/Panorama.cpp:
	Parse float projections parameters correctly
	[85cc6cca52b0]

2009-12-31  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* CMakeLists.txt, src/celeste/CMakeLists.txt:
	Keep source tree clean (create src/celeste/Config.h in CMake binary
	folder)
	[ed4f9a0a5943]

2009-12-30  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/AutoCtrlPointCreator.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/AutoCtrlPointCreator.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/CPDetectorConfig.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/CPDetectorConfig.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/CPDetectorConfig_default.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/cpdetector_dialog.xrc:
	Added stack aware cp detector setting
	[169ea3f75ffc]

2009-12-28  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/PanoPanel.cpp:
	Fixed typo
	[e8bde731b1ed]

	* src/hugin1/hugin/GLPreviewFrame.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/algorithms/nona/FitPanorama.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/PanoramaOptions.cpp:
	Better range checking of projection parameters, when parameters can
	influence max hfov
	[b08d63ae7291]

2009-12-27  tmodes  <tmodes@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/ChoosyRemapper.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/GLPreviewFrame.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/PanoPanel.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/VertexCoordRemapper.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/PanoramaOptions.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/PanoramaOptions.h:
	Added new projection General Panini in libpano13 svn 1197 and 1198
	[348765151b74]

2009-12-25  harryvanderwolf  <harryvanderwolf@users.sourceforge.net>

	* mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj:
	[OSX] Adapt XCode project after layout branch merge James Legg
	[3471d1538a01]

2009-12-24  harryvanderwolf  <harryvanderwolf@users.sourceforge.net>

	* mac/Version.xcconfig:
	[OSX] bump version of trunk to 2010.1.0
	[20a0c3026f22]

2009-12-24  jlegg  <jlegg@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/OptimizePanel.h:
	Fix #include path error.
	[10fb7f5182d9]

2009-12-23  jlegg  <jlegg@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/hugin1/hugin/GLPreviewFrame.cpp:
	Disbale the control points tool when in layout mode. The control
	points don't make sense without the images in the right position,
	and drawing them slows line highlighting significantly for complex
	projects.
	[bea9cbe1e5d7]

2009-12-23  skipgaede  <skipgaede@users.sourceforge.net>

	* mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/enblend.sh:
	Enhance for building Enblend 4.0 with documentation
	[9ed70dc458cc]

2009-12-23  jlegg  <jlegg@users.sourceforge.net>

	* src/foreign/vigra/vigra/diff2d.hxx,
	src/foreign/vigra/vigra/rational.hxx, src/hugin1/PT/PanoCommand.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/AssistantPanel.h, src/hugin1/hugin/CMakeLists.txt,
	src/hugin1/hugin/CropPanel.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/GLPreviewFrame.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/GLPreviewFrame.h, src/hugin1/hugin/ImagesList.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/ImagesList.h, src/hugin1/hugin/ImagesPanel.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/ImagesPanel.h, src/hugin1/hugin/LayoutRemapper.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/LensPanel.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/OptimizePanel.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/OptimizePanel.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/OptimizePhotometricPanel.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewIdentifyTool.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewLayoutLinesTool.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewLayoutLinesTool.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewToolHelper.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/ViewState.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/wxPanoCommand.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/preview_layout.svg,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/images_panel.xrc,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/optimize_panel.xrc,
	src/hugin_base/algorithms/basic/RotatePanorama.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/algorithms/nona/CenterHorizontally.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/algorithms/optimizer/ImageGraph.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/algorithms/optimizer/PTOptimizer.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/ImageVariableGroup.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/ImageVariableTranslate.h,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/PTScriptParsing.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/Panorama.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/Panorama.h,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/PanoramaData.h,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/PanoramaVariable.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/SrcPanoImage.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/SrcPanoImage.h,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/StandardImageVariableGroups.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/StandardImageVariableGroups.h,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/image_variables.h,
	src/hugin_base/panotools/PanoToolsInterface.cpp,
	src/tools/align_image_stack.cpp, src/tools/tca_correct.cpp:
	Merge the second half of the gsoc2009_layout branch. Trunk now
	requires a recent svn build of libpano13.

	command: svn merge -r 4153:HEAD ../../gsoc/gsoc2009_layout/ .

	Conflict discovered in 'src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/images_panel.xrc'.
	images_cp_clean button placed just after section modified for the
	stack buttons. resolved

	Conflict discovered in 'src/hugin1/hugin/GLPreviewFrame.h'.
	control point tool and layout lines tool added to the same place.
	Kept both. resolved

	Conflict discovered in 'src/hugin1/hugin/ImagesPanel.cpp'. void
	ImagesPanel::OnCleanCP(wxCommandEvent & e) added in trunk just
	before void ImagesPanel::OnVarTextChanged ( wxCommandEvent & e )
	from gsoc2009_layout. ShowExifInfo from trunk added just before
	X, Y, and Z parameters in void
	ImagesPanel::ShowImgParameters(unsigned int imgNr). Kept both.
	ShowExifInfo was moved down to keep similar code together. void
	ImagesPanel::ReloadCPDetectorSettings() added from trunk near
	ImagesPanel::OnNewStack(wxCommandEvent & e) and
	ImagesPanel::OnChangeStack(wxCommandEvent & e) added in
	gsoc2009_layout. Keep both. resolved

	Conflict discovered in 'src/hugin1/hugin/CMakeLists.txt'. Files
	added to the end of hugin_SOURCES clash again. Keep all files.
	resolved

	Conflict discovered in 'src/hugin1/hugin/GLPreviewFrame.cpp'.
	#includes added to the same place. Keep all. In void
	GLPreviewFrame::MakeTools(PreviewToolHelper *helper_in)
	control_point_tool and m_layoutLinesTool added to the same place.
	Keep both. resolved

	Conflict discovered in 'src/hugin1/hugin/OptimizePanel.h'.
	#includes added to the same place. Keep all. resolved
	[623647641b5e]

	* src/hugin1/PT/PanoCommand.h, src/hugin1/hugin/AssistantPanel.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/AssistantPanel.h, src/hugin1/hugin/CMakeLists.txt,
	src/hugin1/hugin/CPEditorPanel.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/CropPanel.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/GLPreviewFrame.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/GLPreviewFrame.h, src/hugin1/hugin/GLViewer.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/GLViewer.h, src/hugin1/hugin/ImagesList.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/ImagesList.h, src/hugin1/hugin/LayoutRemapper.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/LayoutRemapper.h, src/hugin1/hugin/LensPanel.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/LensPanel.h, src/hugin1/hugin/MainFrame.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/MeshManager.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/MeshManager.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/OptimizePanel.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/OptimizePanel.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/OptimizePhotometricPanel.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/OptimizePhotometricPanel.h,
	src/hugin1/hugin/PanoDruid.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/ViewState.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/wxPanoCommand.cpp,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/preview_layout.png,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/preview_layout.svg,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/lens_panel.xrc,
	src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/preview_frame.xrc,
	src/hugin_base/CMakeLists.txt,
	src/hugin_base/algorithms/basic/CalculateCPStatistics.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/algorithms/optimizer/PTOptimizer.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/algorithms/optimizer/PTOptimizer.h,
	src/hugin_base/algorithms/optimizer/PhotometricOptimizer.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/hugin_math/hugin_math.h,
	src/hugin_base/huginapp/CachedImageRemapper.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/nona/ImageRemapper.h,
	src/hugin_base/nona/SpaceTransform.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/nona/SpaceTransform.h,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/ImageVariable.h,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/ImageVariableGroup.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/ImageVariableGroup.h,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/ImageVariableTranslate.h,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/PanoImage.h,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/Panorama.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/Panorama.h,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/PanoramaData.h,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/SrcPanoImage.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/SrcPanoImage.h,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/StandardImageVariableGroups.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/StandardImageVariableGroups.h,
	src/hugin_base/panodata/image_variables.h,
	src/hugin_base/panotools/PanoToolsInterface.cpp,
	src/hugin_base/panotools/PanoToolsInterface.h,
	src/tools/align_image_stack.cpp, src/tools/tca_correct.cpp:
	Merge the first half of the gsoc2009_layout branch.

	command: svn merge -r 3873:4152 ../../gsoc/gsoc2009_layout/ .

	Conflict discovered in 'src/hugin1/hugin/MeshManager.h'.
	resolved

	Conflict discovered in 'src/hugin1/hugin/CMakeLists.txt'.
	resolved

	Conflict discovered in 'src/hugin1/hugin/OptimizePanel.h'.
	resolved

	Conflict discovered in 'src/hugin_base/panodata/Panorama.cpp'.
	There are changes in trunk to free old_locale in heavily modified
	code, line around line 2052 and onwards. A large section of code was
	turned into a macro in gsoc2009_layout, the old_locale changes I
	integrated into this section. This was the only change I made to the
	large amount of conflicting code from trunk. I couldn't see anything
	else on http://hugin.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/hugin/hugin/trunk/sr
	c/hugin_base/panodata/Panorama.cpp?r1=4564&r2=3202 in this section.

	Conflict discovered in 'src/hugin_base/panodata/SrcPanoImage.cpp'
	Requires image variable ExifFocalLength35, default 0. Resolved.

	Conflict discovered in 'src/hugin_base/panodata/SrcPanoImage.h'
	Required the addition of image variables to image_variables.h and
	ImageVariableTranslate.h: double ExifFocalLength35; default
	0, no PTO code. double ExifExposureTime; no default set in
	trunk but I used 0, no PTO code. std::string ExifDate; no
	default set explicitly in trunk but I used "", no PTO code.
	Removed {get/set}{ExifFocalLength35/ExifExposureTime/ExifDate}.
	These functions are generated by the image variable metaprogramming.
	Changed m_exifDate to m_ExifDate in const int getExifDateTime(struct
	tm* datetime) const (line 310). Variables begin with a capital so
	get and set functions have the capital.
	[7d639dc7e413]

2009-12-22  brunopostle  <brunopostle@users.sourceforge.net>

	* CMakeLists.txt:
	Bump trunk version to 2010.1.0
	[5b1cfa583223]

	* ChangeLog:
	Update ChangeLog
	[b80b7c99a9c9]
